[Clang] disallow # operators in attribute argument lists (#147308)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Clang now accepts ``@tparam`` comments on variable template partial
  specializations. (#GH144775)

> - Clang now rejects ``#`` operators in attribute argument lists. (#GH147217)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clang rejects the ``#`` and ``##`` preprocessor tokens in an attribute argument list in C++. The operators can be used in macro replacement lists with the usual preprocessor semantics. What is rejected are non-preprocessor uses of the tokens. The same restrictions do not apply in C. (#GH147217)
```
Will need to wrap to 80 columns
